        96-10-01/AHo & PSv

This directory (/usr/local/etc/nadaskel/examples/) contains
examples of how initialization files ("dot files") for
different programs can look. You can use these to start
from if you would like to make your own adjustments of
a certain program.

Some comments to some of the files:

* You are strongly encouraged to copy the file .emacs to your
  home directory, if you do not have such a file already. It
  makes emacs behave better, and you can easily customize it as
  you like.

* Initially you get the shell "tcsh". If you would like to
  change your shell to something else you can use the program
  "chsh" ("change shell"). One alternative to tcsh then is
  "bash" (Bourne-Again SHell).  You can copy the files .bashrc,
  .bash_profile, and .inputrc to your home directory, as a
  starting point for initialization files for bash. (They
  replace the files used by tcsh: .login, .tcshrc, .cshrc, and
  .aliases).

* At NADA a lot of initializations are done globally before
  your own initialization files are run. Specifically, your
  .aliases, .modules, and .environment are loaded by these
  global initializations. If you move from NADA one day and
  want a similar environment, or if you want to control all
  initialization yourself here, you can use the files ending in
  ".nada". They do mainly what the global initialization files
  does (of 96-08-23). If you use them at NADA you also need to
  inhibit the global initializations by having an empty file
  called ".no_init" in your home directory.

* There are some different window managers you can use. The
  default one is MWM (Motif Window Manager). To try some other
  you can either start it in .xinitrc (where you currently
  start mwm) or you can set the environment variable
  WINDOW_MANAGER in either .envirtonment or .xinitrc_hook (this
  variable is used by the default .xinitrc). The files called
  "system.*wmrc" contain the default configurations for some
  common window managers. You can copy them to you own
  directory as ".*wmrc" and use as starting point for your own
  environment.
